If stupidity is trying the same thing over and over and hoping for different results, then let's all be a little stupid from time to time.
Rev the carrier!
None of it matters anyways.
Being and truth are continents divided by an ocean of nothingness.
Self-reference is the enemy of aphorism.
Rev the carrier!
Spring marks the symbolic return of life inevitably doomed come deathly winter.
In this frozen wasteland we are free to abandon all hope.
Life is a lone, desperate howl into an infinite abyss that can neither comprehend nor respond.
The only absolute knowledge attainable by man is that life is meaningless.
That which sustains you will eventually destroy you.
Rev the carrier!
Oh no. We are in the hands of engineers!
Because I said so.
No idea, but hopefully Mitch fixes it.
Party parrot!!!
Rev the carrier!
There are some enterprises in which a careful disorderliness is the true method.
Not sure, maybe try eating an orange?
Probably just best to go home and take a nap.
Eat more chocolate... but dairy free
The altitude is making you ask dumb questions.
Rev the carrier!
Each man is killed by the thing he loves.
Why not?
pysmurf is not Google
Go write an AI to figure it out.
Fourty-two
Rev the carrier!
I have made a huge mistake...
Is anything really causally connected to anything else?
Everybody calm down.
The bleach does not work...
She who increases knowledge increases sorrow.
When you gaze into the abyss the abyss gazes also into you.
You're not using enough cryomems.
Rev the carrier!
Appearances are nothing more than radiant manifestations of emptiness.
There is no end to the eternally insatiable desires of the individual will.
The wasted world accelerates just before the final precipice.
The world is nothing but a mechanical chaos of casual, brute enmity.
Civilization is a thin layer of ice upon a deep ocean of chaos and darkness.
Rev the carrier!
The best prison is the one in which the prisoner believes she is free.
Rev the carrier!
Ideas are illusions and all words are untrue.
Logical validity is not a guarantee of truth.
The common denomiators of the Universe are chaos and hostility.
Rev the carrier!
